chore: update directory sync set up steps (#624)
knocklabs/docs: content/manage-your-account/directory-sync.mdx

## Directory sync configuration

To set up directory sync for your account:

1. Contact the [Knock support team](mailto:support@knock.app).
2. Our team will provide you with a customized link to guide you through the Directory Sync setup process for your specific identity provider.

> 3. Follow the step-by-step instructions in the provided guide to complete the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Follow the step-by-step instructions in the guide provided at the link in order to complete the configuration.
```
Feel free to wordsmith, just thought maybe this could be a bit clearer on _where_ the guide is provided

- [PingFederate](https://workos.com/docs/integrations/pingfederate-scim/2-install-the-scim-connector-in-pingfederate)
- [Rippling](https://workos.com/docs/integrations/rippling-scim/2-create-your-rippling-application)

> Once the setup is complete and user data starts syncing successfully from your identity provider to Knock, you'll see a "connected" status for directory sync under **Settings** > **General**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the setup is complete and user data starts syncing from your identity provider to Knock, you'll see a "connected" status for directory sync under **Settings** > **General** in your Knock dashboard.
```
nit. just feels a bit redundant because if the data is syncing, then the connection was successful.

Also thought it might be nice to clarify that this is in the Knock dashboard again 🤷
